4. Prepare answers to the following questions:
--subtask↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
• How can one restrict access to certain columns of a database table?
--decision↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
simply, for example: grant select (empno, ename, address) on employee to admin;
--subtask↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
• What is the difference between user identification and user authentication?
--decision↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
Identification is a procedure for recognizing a subject by his identifier (in other words, it is the definition of a name, login or number).
In order to prevent unauthorized access to the system and data, identification alone is not enough, therefore, 
authentication is used, and recently, the issue of two-factor authentication has become increasingly relevant. 
The use of one or another characteristic in the system depends on the required reliability, security and implementation cost.
Authentication refers to the verification of the identity of an identifier or person (object or subject). 
For this, there are three main authentication factors:
knowledge (what only we know) - password, PIN, pattern, etc .;
possession (what only we have) - a mobile device, smart card, key, etc .;
properties (what is our integral part) - biometric parameters (fingerprints and palms, voice, retina, etc.).

--subtask↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
• What are the recommended authorization protocols for PostgreSQL?
--decision↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
I am not sure, but there are different methods of autnetication in PostgreSQL and one of them has protocol of
authorization, that is not intended. It is ident authorization protocol from ident authentication method.
All the others protocols from methods of authentication, such as GSSAPI, that is used in GSSAPI authentication method, for instance,
could be used as recommended authorization protocols. 
The method scram-sha-256 performs SCRAM-SHA-256 authentication, as described in RFC 7677. It is a challenge-response scheme that prevents password sniffing on untrusted connections and supports storing passwords on the server in a cryptographically hashed form that is thought to be secure.
This is the most secure of the currently provided methods, but it is not supported by older client libraries.
--subtask↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
• 
What is proxy authentication in PostgreSQL and what is it for? 
Why does it make the previously discussed role-based access control easier to implement?
--decision↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
I do not know how much it simplifies, but it definitely allows you 
to build rules for accessing various business users to database objects.
A proxy, not necessarily in postgresql, means that we log in under one role, and then through, 
for example, set role or set session we become another role with different privileges.
The usual solution is to authenticate the user within the web app, 
then issue a SET ROLE or SET SESSION AUTHORIZATION 
to "become" the user on a JDBC session that''s already 
authenticated with the database using a fixed username.
The first step is to create roles and assign role memberships and privileges.
The database’s role system can also be used to partially 
implement this logic by delegating the authentication 
to another role after the connection is established or 
reused, using the SET SESSION AUTHORIZATION statement or SET ROLE 
command in a transaction block, as follows.
The SET ROLE requires a role membership, while SET SESSION AUTHORIZATION requires 
superuser privileges. Allowing an application to connect as
a superuser is dangerous because the SET SESSION AUTHORIZATION and SET 
ROLE commands can be reset using the RESET ROLE and RESET SESSION 
commands, respectively, thereby allowing the application to gain superuser privileges.





